He will protect himself from the cold with this good hood. Annie is bored far from my parents. The two trucks collided head-on.  A wolf immediately pounced on the little goat.  As soon as the drum beats, the people come running.  My father gave me permission.  Are you shouting in anger?  This little duck is learning to swim.  The car stopped at the red light.  The clean dishes are placed on the sink.  Their dog howled all night.  To protect himself, he lay down near my door.  Her neighbor is inimitable.  The fox hurries towards its den.  The broth is steaming in the bowls.  This woman's character is less calm.  The summer camp took place by the river.  A train is already entering the station.  I often lean my elbows on the low wall of this bridge.  In the West, our apple trees yield little.  Slowly, ducks head towards the pond.  A schooner deploys its sails.  The postman is going to deliver the mail.  Of course, I know his name.  Mom takes a glass and a plate.  Paragraphs 6 - 10From now on, I will turn around when he leaves.  The planes are circling above the square.  Put the scythe here, under my tent.  I remained deaf to his cries.  The camel is far from its shelter.  He thinks he will be back here before nightfall.  Dogs were showing us their sharp fangs.  The young girl combs her hair in front of her mirror.  He was convicted of car theft.  I do not want you to change it for now.  We caught a cold while playing tennis.  He is now overwhelmed by his work.  This candy contained too much sugar.  In haste, the sharecropper was ensiling his crops before winter.  A thick mist formed over the sea.  The carpenter sawed a board and planed it.  Mom prepared a galette for Thursday.  Football, that is what interests him.  It is a charming sight, I assure you.  They brought me sweets for my birthday.  These students will take the bus later.  Sometimes, my grocer sells on credit.  No one applauded this beautiful speech.  I wonder why we are constantly running.  He repents of what he has just done.  Paragraphs 11 - 15People stood up in the stands.  You will peel the vegetables for the beef stew.  This hunter is still planning to leave here this morning.  The pear is a fruit with seeds.  The more we know him, the more we respect him.  Up there rises the voice of the herdsman bringing back his sheep.  The mail is arriving late at the moment.  This cage contains my bird.  Hares are playing at the edge of the woods.  I am telling you that my bottle is getting damaged in the cellar.  He took refuge in my room.  The herd was drinking at the stream.  The customer expects you to give a discount.  Every time I stand up, my wound pulls.  A ransom is demanded by the kidnappers.  Thus, this comedy is in one act.  Dad likes my wine when it is good.  The sky is completely black, it is going to pour.  It is said that the growth of this village is significant.  Tonight, we will not go to bed late.  You enjoy playing with those who have a good temper.  The goatherd blew his horn to gather his flocks.  My cobbler resoled your shoes.  The goose is in his hand, its heart beats and jumps.  A river meandered through his meadow.  Paragraphs 16 - 20The mountaineer continued to climb along a rock.  Frightened by the insect, I go back inside hastily.  I conversed with my young daughter's teacher.  When the sun rises, I jump out of bed.  The farmer left for the fair.  In summer, everyone would stand at the windows.  The coachman whipped his mare.  I often visit my uncle.  My evening will pass without incident.  The police want the driver's papers.  Jean, for his part, is very tall for his age.  The microscope, which is on a stand, is mine.  The garden surrounds a small lake.  He has been deeply depressed since the loss of his friend.  The convict escaped from the penal colony.  A large loan is granted by a bank.  The sparrow lets out a trill and flies away.  Maybugs were flying around this plum tree.  These legends remind me of ancient times.  What kind of bird are you looking at?  These are my best horses, the names of which are as follows.  I wander the streets of the villages with his mother.  My sheet music is under this music stand.  He arrives tomorrow from Italy by road.  The rug was frayed on the edge.  Paragraphs 21 - 25My mother and I take short walks.  The doll is the joy of this very young girl.  But he ran out of time.  He will have been delayed by someone.  A green frog jumps on the water lilies.  Violets fill the air with subtle scents.  In the woods, I picked such good mushrooms.  Do what I want starting this noon!  Dad is cutting the grass in the garden.  You will carry these crates into your cars.  At noon, the middle schoolers go to the cafeteria.  Ripe apples fall from the tree.  He falls heavily on a flat surface.  We are leaving before tomorrow for Paris.  He was arrested by police officers.  This traveler rented a car without a driver.  Jean seemed calm all of a sudden.  I will surely not go dancing at her wedding.  She keeps repeating it to him constantly.  A nuclear war would cause many deaths.  The moon is rising now above the trees.  Laughter rises from the playground.  Here and there, the meadow was dotted with flowers.  A large beam supports the miserable framework.  Everything came to life as soon as the sun rose.  Paragraphs 26 - 30My car has broken down in front of this bridge.  These women still wear a headdress.  I am bringing him back very red fruits.  I see my table made of green wood.  In the thicket is hidden a warbler's nest.  One hears the chirping of a bird in the garden.  The fisherman's boat was carried away by a storm.  This book comes from the library.  I conclude that there is no one to see.  The illness worsens for lack of care.  I am sure that you know these names.  He used to stop here all summer.  Here are still two cabbages for the midday meal.  The sleeves of his coat are unstitched.  This vessel sails the seas across the world.  You will buy my tiny mussels!  A pretty ring sparkles on your eldest daughter's finger.  At six o'clock, a traveler was waiting for the train.  Her tenants came home very late.  What I have foreseen will happen.  The captain looks through the porthole of his cabin.  Virginie set the table for her party.  Your portrait is exhibited in the living room.  Mom wonders what he is going to say.  Sparrows quarreled in my field.  Paragraphs 31 - 35A musical society will soon parade.  The judge wants to prolong the interrogation.  Here, my mother bought remnants of fabric.  Pierre bangs from behind like a deaf man.  Rain does not make good weather.  Without flowers, the house is sad.  She really still has slender fingers.  This butcher still has no more bacon on display.  Confide in me what you are thinking about.  What we are discussing leaves you dreaming.  She lives near the fairground.  My concierge watched over my apartment during the holidays.  They went to work even though they were tired.  A colonel commanded the regiment.  I am telling you to sew this button back on.  Our parents are our natural guardians.  Titmice laid spotted eggs there.  You forbid him to play on this road in the evening.  My black schooner has returned to port.  This passport had no visa.  The octopus seizes its prey with its tentacles.  Snow covers the mountain peaks.  A mouflon hides in the crevices.  I heard what you are trying to play on the piano.  This wheel hub squeaks continuously.  Paragraphs 36 - 40We all want to go for a bicycle ride.  I cannot reach the jars of jam.  In this dairy shop, they sell strong cheese.  The magpie rushes towards what shines.  A small hare is hiding in the bush.  I am arranging a surprise for my friend.  The bakers shape loaves of bread.  Your books must all be covered.  Will you eat some of this plum tart?  Monique's hat is on the table.  He slipped away from the spectators.  He hastens to claim what he was promised.  You are shivering because you are cold.  It is in the evening that he works best.  A black snake flees under a stone.  I remember the beautiful days I have lived.  My cousin was very offended by what she had said.  Grandfather, do be a bit reasonable!  At the moment, evening performances at the opera are being held.  You have changed a lot since you left.  He suffered for weeks.  You see this sad woman all the time.  This path leads to the village road.  The doctor prescribed a medicine.  It is also necessary to arrive on time.  